Document ghc 58481 (#230)
haskell/error-messages: message-index/messages/GHC-58481/index.md

---
title: Parse error on input

> summary: Generic parsing error of the input 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Generic parsing error.
```

severity: error
introduced: 9.6.1
---

> This is a generic error, indicating that GHC could not parse the input code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a generic error, indicating that GHC could not parse the code. 
```

I think input here kind of is confusing

> The GHC errors suite contains many more explicit parsing errors with more verbose desription of the problem. If the error is not separately defined there, a problem with parsing is reported with number 58481.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GHC contains many more explicit parsing errors with more verbose descriptions of the problem. However if the error is not separately defined there, a problem with parsing is reported with error code 58481.
```

There may be many different reasons why error 58481 was given, ranging from an incorrect syntax that needs additional Haskell Language Extensions, to a expression mistakenly put in the same line as other.

> Below are example of code that generates this error. Please be encouraged to report more or contribute via [error-messages github](https://github.com/haskell/error-messages).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are some examples of code that generate this generic parsing error. Please be encouraged to report more or contribute via [error-messages github](https://github.com/haskell/error-messages).
```
